Abode to read a book
Are all dolls that children amazing this girl who is playing in the water
And she is the only puppet maker in Gensokyo
Alice margarine toroid's
Various dolls are made from her magic hand
I love life I love his job
Arisa who loved doll making from an early age
I was fascinated by a beautiful doll that healed people's hearts and jumped into the world
It was a tough world than I imagined, but my eyes are nailed to her who will keep trying to make a real doll
There was a woman who was turned
It is that one day of
There was a woman whose eyes were nailed to a doll that had been decorated outside the workshop
I talked to the doll there, so it's funny because it's talking to the doll
I eyes were surprised to become before After
It did not appear only on this doll or person
A woman who showed interest in her doll
It becomes a partner in the Eiyoru accident after it
It was a drizzle Marisa's
With this opportunity, two people deepened their friendship
However, my favorite doll making does not always lead to income
Appearance The life was not easy
Marusan who believe that there's talent without having to show any of hotness
It continued to support a certain asset
Because I bought seeds honest those days have been also evicted home
Oh
A day when Alice's talent will be recognized The day when her coming comes
It is said that you can not forget the days of hardships that you put on together
And her unique dolls are gradually evaluated by many people 8 people
The force did not know where to stay
And what
Gold medal at the Performing Arts Festival
It is good for the first time that the Magical Forestry Winners come out
I can not do it, I think I gave up on the way
Alice is happy to be able to concentrate on her favorite work by Risa
And it is this winter that such two people are drinking for health
The meal also irregular forest to be immersed in doll making and if do not take only mushrooms and wild vegetables
Even the balance is bad
The nutritious center capsule is very useful
Alice's daily tend to nutritional balance is a bias
Jun Jun Azuma, who has been looking for by Mr. Marisa
Thanks to health and Marsa's support, I have become able to work harder.
Ari who continues to thank Tojun and Marisa who support himself
There is what she secretly made
At the top
To Nino of a Naona
Create something stupid
Let's make it cute
To continue making my favorite doll by the smile of my favorite best friend
Tojun is their precious health
Protect carefully
Fuyuki
200 capsules containing 1.2 million yen you also please try by all means
Or chicks previous